>> Who wrote the Gospels?
Was Jesus really Caesar?
Let's enter the "Buzzsaw."
[THEME MUSIC]
>> Welcome to "Buzzsaw," where
we cut through the mainstream
narrative to explore
the hidden truths.
I'm your host, Sean Stone.
And joining me today
is Joseph Atwill,
who has studied extensively
the origins of Christianity,
including the Dead Sea Scrolls.
Atwill's books include
"Caesar's Messiah: The Roman
of Conspiracy to Invent Jesus."
It has become the basis for
a fascinating documentary.
And today we discuss
his fresh perspective
on Christianity and
government control structures.
So I want to start
by asking, obviously,
about your main theory or
thesis of "Caesar's Messiah,"
and that is the idea that
the Roman court actually,
essentially, wrote the Gospels.
>> Right.
And even though it's an
idea that a lot of people
have hard time getting
their head around,
it's very, very logical.
Because in fact, at
this point in history,
Rome was engaged was a
Messianic movement in Judea
and a war that lasted
over 100 years.
And so Christianity
basically was a response
to the literature
and the religion that
was promoting this rebellion.
>> So I want to start by
just asking how you were led
in your own
discoveries, obviously.
What led-- yeah, what led you
into this-- to this conclusion?
>> Well, I had studied the
Gospels in my childhood,
basically.
I attended a Jesuit
school in Japan,
had a lot of indoctrination
and study of the Bible.
And so I was always
curious about it.
Even though I kind fell away
from the faith as I got older,
I retained the interest.
And when the Dead Sea Scrolls
sort of became popularized,
I began studying them.
And I was amazed that there
was a militarized messiah.
And this made perfect
sense historically,
because the son of
David, you would expect
to be a military warrior.
And so I began to question
the character in the Gospels.
And so I wanted to learn
more about the history
of this era that had
produced, purportedly,
the character of Jesus Christ.
And so I began to study
the only real historian
of the era, Josephus.
He was the only one
who was on the ground
during this period who wrote
history we can look at.
And when I began
to study it, I saw
that there were very strange
parallels between events
that he would
describe and events
that appeared in the Gospels.
And eventually, that
was all I was studying,
was just the
relationship between what
I saw as these parallels between
the Gospels and Josephus.
And then one day it occurred to
me-- they're all in sequence.
All of these parallels
are occurring
in this vast sequence.
And then I knew I was
dealing with more than just
perhaps a lampoon of a
military victory that
found its way into the gospel.
I knew I was dealing with,
like, an overall genre.
And so I started studying
the Gospels as a genre.
And then I eventually
was able to realize
that the history of the war
with the Messianic movement that
was written by Flavius
Josephus was actually
the typologic link
to the Gospels,
so that all of the events
that Jesus was experiencing
and predicting would actually
occur during the war.
And this was done as
a kind of legacy piece
for the Caesars, who
produced the Gospels.
They wanted to record the
fact that this new version
of Judaism that
they were creating
had this relationship to
their military victories.
Basically, the
victors write history.
With the Gospels,
this was the case,
except it was written
as prophecy rather than
after the fact.
>> So the idea is that
there was no Jesus figure.
I mean, we've heard you
mention Josephus, obviously.
He mentions Jesus,
the brother of James.
>> Right.
>> So are there any other
reports that would have been
relative to that time
period that have anything,
have any reference to Jesus
as an historical figure beyond
Josephus?
>> No.
Josephus was the only
individual in the first century
that actually was writing
about the character Jesus
Christ that has any
connection to history,
other than the Gospels.
Tacitus, Suetonius-- they wrote
about this after the fact.
They were writing material about
the character of Jesus Christ.
But once you're able to place
the Gospels inside the Flavian
court, once you can show,
just point by point--
and in my book, I don't
present conjecture I actually
simply lay out the documents.
I lay out the Gospels, and
I lay right next to them
the text from Josephus.
So it's really a different
quality of evidence.
And once a reader goes through
that, they can see that,
well, in fact, the
character Jesus Christ
is completely artificial.
So what this means is that those
historians, Tacitus, Suetonius,
and Josephus himself-- you
know, the question is, well,
where do they get
this information
about this strange
character Jesus Christ?
Well, now we can
answer it completely.
It came from the
fictional history,
basically, that the
Flavian court was creating.
>> Well, there have been a
lot of allegations about Jesus
being, obviously, a very
clear parallel to previous
mythologies, things like
Osiris and Horus from Egypt,
or Addis in the
Middle East, Dionysus.
Even in Rome, they
had Mithraism.
So what was it about
this mythology,
this Jesus being a Jewish
messiah figure, that would--
what would motivate the
Romans to actually want
to create this mythology
around him, drawing
upon a lot of these
other, it would seem,
these other mythological
figures as a model?
>> Right.
And of course, you
know, all of those gods
are basically Roman gods.
And so this is the thought world
of the authors of the Gospels.
So that's why many people see
reflections of those deities
in the story of Jesus.
The reason why the Romans
wanted specifically
to create a Jewish
character is because this
was the problem that Rome was
experiencing at this time.
They waged a war
that lasted over
100 years with a
Messianic movement,
a movement that was
inspired by its literature,
by the historical and
reported historical stories
of a messiah.
And so Rome wanted to create
a messiah that was Romanized,
that would turn the other cheek,
that would give to Caesar what
is Caesar's.
And so this is why they
created the Gospels.
They created the Gospels
simply as a version of Judaism
that could exist inside
of the Roman Empire
and would not promote rebellion.
Rome was facing a
problem, which was
that the Zealots in Judea
that were waging the rebellion
were attempting to expand
the rebellion to the Jews
throughout the Roman Empire.
Jews were dispersed
They were perhaps as much as
10% of the entire population.
And so Rome was
very worried about
the missionary activities.
And so this was really the
purpose of the character Jesus
Christ, was basically to stop
the missionary activities
of the Zealots.
They would have their literature
with a particular version
of a militarized Christ.
But in between that individual,
that militarized Christ,
would come Jesus Christ.
He would be the one that would
be supported by the empire.
>> Right.
But he is seen, I think,
by a lot of people
to be a revolutionary.
He's basically throwing the
moneylenders out of the temple,
for example.
Now isn't that-- basically,
the moneylenders,
aren't they actually working
under Roman rulership
and collecting money?
>> Right.
That's a very good question.
In fact, Jesus is seen
as a revolutionary
because he--
basically because he
rebels from the authority
of Jewish leaders.
Basically, the Pharisees
and the Sadducees
are given a hard time by Jesus.
The moneylender story is
actually about thieves.
This is how he calls them.
And this is where you have
to go into the typology
to understand what the
story in the Gospel
is actually relating to.
If you work through
the Gospels compared
to the history of
Josephus, you'll
see that at the point that Jesus
throws the moneylenders out,
this is the point that
Titus Flavius comes
into the exact physical area and
throws out those who had stolen
things from the temple.
So he's drives the thieves out.
Jesus is not a revolutionary
figure in the sense
that he did not promote
the rebellion that
was in existence at that time.
He didn't take a stand
against the Roman Empire.
In fact, he was
very much someone
who was advocating his
followers to get along
with the Roman Empire.
He stated that you
should go the extra mile
when you're conscripted.
This is one of the
statements in the Gospels.
What that's referring to is
that a subject of the empire
could be forced to carry a
Roman soldier's backpack for one
mile.
And this was why
they had milestones
throughout the highway.
What Jesus is
saying is don't just
cooperate with the Roman army.
Go the extra mile.
So, no.
He is seen as a revolutionary
character, but he is not.
Believe me, he is
supporting the forces
that are trying to fight
against the rebellion.
>> Right.
That's why it's very clear
that Pontius Pilate, who
is the only Roman
agent in the story,
is actually very clear
to wash his hands of it
and basically say, OK,
know we're turning it
over to the Jews.
And basically, the Jews,
the Sadducees and Pharisees,
you're responsible
for this man's blood.
So--
>> Exactly.
>> It's a very clear
indictment in that regard.
>> Yeah.
He says-- what Jesus
says is that-- well,
and the Jews are
claimed to have said
that his blood will
be on our hands
and on our children's hands.
>> Right.
>> So this is a vicious
piece of anti-Semitism.
Basically, it had
historical power.
It's obviously untrue.
I mean, just think about
the logic of the statement,
you know?
But there it is.
And of course, this
just shows, well,
who benefits from this
bizarre perspective?
It's Rome.
>> Rome.
>> Yeah.
>> So is there any tradition
of Roman god-building?
Because oftentimes,
empires-- historically,
I can think of, for
example, the Persian
Empire having their
Temple of Apollo,
for example, even though it
was a Greek Temple of Apollo.
It was a place where they would
collect taxes from the Greeks,
for example.
>> Yeah, yeah.
>> So is there a tradition
in Rome of that kind
of god-building?
>> Well, there were so many gods
that basically every single day
of the year had one that
was given sacrifice to.
The Caesars realized that there
was tremendous political power
in being gods themselves.
And so the largest
bureaucracy at this time
was the imperial cult, tens
of thousands of priests.
And they all administered to
the idea that Caesar was God.
So in terms of god
building, absolutely,
god building was going on.
And it was the individual Caesar
who was alive at that time.
He would be building
up the case that he
would be basically able to
be deified after his death.
There were-- at the time
of Suetonius's writing
"The Twelve Caesar's there had
already been five Caesars that
had been deified.
So the character in the Gospels,
that is the most significant.
And the one that is really
the hardest for people
who hear my theory
to understand is
that there is a character
called the Son of Man
that Jesus projects
will come in the future.
And he gives an exact
time, or at least he
gives exact events
that will occur.
He says that the Galilean
towns will be crushed.
Jerusalem will be
encircled with a wall.
The Temple will be raised.
And the abomination of
desolation that Daniel predicts
will come to pass.
Now, these are all
military victories
of the Flavians, each
one of those things.
So the Son of Man
that Jesus predicted
didn't show up, if
people think it was him.
Jesus did not come
during that period.
We don't have any
record of Jesus Christ.
And believe me, that
would have been noticed.
So Jesus Christ
did not come back,
so who is it referring to?
Well, the Roman court
historians flatly
maintained that the Jewish
Christ, that all the prophecies
that people think foresaw
Jesus were actually
about the Flavian Caesar.
So you see, there's a
perfect logical construction
between the Gospels, Jesus
saying the Son of Man
is going to come
during the Roman war,
and the Caesar, then, in
the imperial cult saying,
I am the Jewish Christ.
So the Son of Man is Caesar.
>> And it's interesting,
because ultimately,
that Caesar because, in
a form, the new pope,
the Pontifex Maximus.
>> Absolutely.
>> And so in a way, you know the
Holy Roman Empire was the Roman
Empire continued, made holy,
so the transformation by this
Christian religion to perpetuate
the Roman Empire to the present
day.
>> It's just preposterous.
And it's a tragedy of
history that this really
hasn't become common knowledge.
Look, the pope has, as his
official title, the Pontiff
Maximus.
That title was an official
title of the Roman Caesar.
It meant the head of the
Roman College of Priests.
This is a title that the Caesar
held during that entire era.
Where the Vatican
exists today was
the site of imperial
buildings and structures.
So when you look at
the Holy Roman Church,
what you're seeing is
the empire of the Caesars
that has changed
the name of Caesar,
and changed the
name of the building
that he lives in, but
kept the power, you see?
Because there is really
no discontinuation
from the power of the Caesar and
then the power of the Pontiff
Maximus as you enter
into the feudal system.
It's this one long trajectory
that goes for 1,500 years,
until you have the Renaissance.
The public were
fooled into believing
that there was a new
political reign, basically,
a religious one that was
headed by the Pontiff Maximus.
But this isn't the case.
That didn't happen.
It was always just
Caesar by another name.
>> Mm-hm.
Well, you just
mentioned how Jesus
was said to have predicted
all these events that occur,
including the
destruction of Jerusalem.
Now, it makes much more
sense if this was all written
in the Gospel after the fact.
So of course, such words
could be ascribed to Jesus,
because it's occurred already.
>> Right.
>> But yet we do have certain
historians, like Tacitus,
who refer to the Christians
burning Rome, for example,
in 64 AD, being responsible
for the great fire.
So what are we to make
of these allegations
that Christians existed before
the so-called construction
of the Gospels, after this war?
>> Well, we are very lucky
that we have the typology
in the Gospels and
it's now decoded,
because we have a really
clear answer for that.
And this is a question, I
think, that has confused
Christians for two millenniums.
So I'm glad we're
able to answer it now.
The Romans had a
stroke of genius
when they named the
religion Christianity.
Because basically, they
took over, semantically,
the concept of what it
is to be a Christian.
The fact is there was another
movement, a real Christianity,
a Christianity that sprang
from the Jewish people
that was rebelling inside
of Judea from Roman
colonialization at this time.
But when the Romans named
their organization Christians,
they basically took
on some of the history
of the real
Christianity in order
to fool people in the future,
to blur the histories.
And in the Gospels,
at the conclusion,
we have Jesus predicting
to Simon and John
that Simon will be taken
where he doesn't want to go,
bound, and given a
death to glorify God,
and that the other disciple,
John, will be given, basically,
kind of a pass on this.
He will not be executed.
This concludes the
Gospel, John 21.
If you look at the
conclusion of the Roman war
that is the basis
for the Gospel,
Simon and John are captured.
They're brought,
basically, to a tribunal.
Simon is given the
sentence of execution.
He's told he's
going to be bound,
taken where he doesn't
want to go, which is Rome,
and executed.
John is going to be
given life imprisonment.
So you have this--
what Jesus predicted,
the historian Josephus recorded.
The two are completely
wired together.
But what this shows
us is that what
we have as the history
of Christianity
is, in fact, in many
cases, the history
of the real Zealot movement.
So when you look at
Tacitus recording
that the Christians
of the Roman type
may have been responsible
for the fire in 64,
now this is not even
plausible as propaganda.
Because first of all,
these are supposed
to be pacifistic Christians,
turning the other cheek.
Why would they be the
ones to burn Rome?
Whereas the real
Zealot Christians
were, in fact, rebelling from
Rome at that very moment.
So this is the group
that actually--
if the Christians were
involved in the fire at all.
Because remember that Tacitus
is basically ascribing
bad leadership to Nero.
And you have to bear
in mind that Tacitus
is from the Flavian Court
the Flavians had a propaganda
problem, in that they
replaced the Julio-Claudians.
The Julio-Claudians had
been Caesars and the living
God for over 100 years.
So when the Flavians deposed
them, they had a PR problem.
And that's why, when you look
at this slurring of Nero, which
occurs in the passage, you have
to think, well, wait a second,
you've got the slurring of Nero
and this curious historical
ascription to the
"Christians" that we
know the Flavians produced.
So you can now see that
this is just propaganda
that the Flavians put out.
It gives a fake history for
this religious organization,
and it also slams Nero.
So it's a very convenient
piece of propaganda.
>> Right, right.
So essentially, this time period
of 64-- really, the campaign
begins around 66-- but the
campaign against Judea, right?
>> Right.
>> A massive Roman
war against Judea.
>> But Rome had to respond.
But there had been-- if
you look at Josephus,
the history of the
whole first century,
it had rebellion
after rebellion.
>> Right.
>> The war in 66 was special,
because they drove Rome out.
That's why it was special,
because they established
their own nation-state.
But there had been
rebellion after rebellion
after rebellion, throughout
the entire first century.
So the event in 64 that
Tacitus writes about
is-- I mean, just logically
was from that religious Zealot
movement.
>> Right.
But there's this, obviously,
this Roman war that
also leads to tremendous
persecution and slaughter
of the Jews, and you
know, the massacring
of them in Jerusalem--
basically first forcing the city
into starvation, then burning
it down, exiling the Jews
from Jerusalem.
And you can imagine that
there would be, I would think,
some Jewish literature
that would recognize
if these gospels were not true,
that would say, wait a minute,
this is propaganda.
Has there been-- was there
no Jewish literature to say--
>> Yeah, really good question.
>> You know, this Christian
movement is really not true.
Because there was no Jesus here.
>> Yeah.
>> I could imagine
something like that.
>> Yeah, why isn't there at
least some oral tradition about
this?
>> Right.
>> Well, I mean the first
thing is Rome wiped out all
the literature.
In fact, there was
actually a theory
that the Jews of this era
had become illiterate.
Because until the Dead
Sea Scrolls were found,
there hadn't been a single
scrap of Hebraic writing
from this era, not
a single scrap.
So you can see Rome
was very thorough.
So first of all, the written
documentation of the Roman
Christianity was like every
other piece of paper that
had Hebraic literature on it.
It had been wiped out.
The oral traditions, some of
which may end up in the Talmud,
actually have some
possibly cryptic references
to the character Jesus Christ.
I won't go into them, but
they're very derogatory.
But the rabbinical
Judaism, which
was established following
the series of rebellion,
from which you would have had an
oral tradition that might have
produced this kind of awareness
of a Roman-origin Christianity,
well, unfortunately, Rome
also controlled that.
If you look at the
foundational pieces, the Targum
and the Mishnah, the people
who authored those documents
were recorded and cited.
Onkelos, who
authored the Targum,
he was the nephew
of Titus Flavius.
Meir, who authored
the Mishnah, well, he
was the nephew of Nero.
So you can see that
the academy at Yavne
that then produced
rabbinical Judaism
was very tightly controlled.
I mean, you had
imperial family members
basically in charge of it.
So this, over that period of
time, then, created a vacuum.
And so you didn't have what
I think would have been,
kind of, at least a curiosity.
However, when we start
talking about Shakespeare,
we're going to see that,
in fact, many Jews were
aware of the real
origin of Christianity.
They couldn't really
bring it to the public,
because this would
have been a death
sentence during the period
where the divine right of kings
was completely dependent upon
the veracity of the Gospels.
But they knew it.
And as I maintain, the
Shakespearean literature
shows that they were well
aware of the real origin.
But this was hundreds
of years after the fact.
>> Well, it really raises
an interesting question,
which is that if Christ was
a concocted figure by Rome,
why would the Holy Roman Empire
be so committed to the region
of Jerusalem and that area,
obviously of the Middle East,
as being so important that they
had these Crusades to conquer
this region?
And then ultimately you
have Israel as potentially
in the same basic
boundaries as what
was then a Crusader kingdom.
But obviously, to this
very day, we still
see these religious
wars going on,
whether between Jew
and Muslim or between
various Christian faiths.
The point is that to
this day, this region
is still a very hotly
contested and important region.
What would the Roman Empire,
the modern Holy Roman Empire,
the Catholic Church, care
so much for this region,
if it was just a concoction?
>> I think that the popes wanted
to reconquer it from Islam
because it basically brought
into question the divine
provenance of the Gospels.
I think that was pretty much
what they were concerned about.
I think there's
always been a worry
on the part of the
Vatican that people
won't take the story seriously.
And when they lost control
of the Holy Land, I mean,
it was sort of a
natural thought.
Well, wait a second, why didn't
God help us to take it back?
And so they had
crusade after crusade.
And the reason, I think, is just
because they had this concern.
They've always had
a concern about
whether or not the Gospels
were taken seriously.
>> Well, I'm just thinking more
in terms of the geopolitical
conception, of how important
the Mediterranean has been,
as a lake, for
shipping purposes.
And then obviously going
through the Dead Sea,
for example, and moving,
all the way, your ships
all around to the East, for
example, why that would be
an important region to control.
Oh, well, I mean,
militarily, it's essential.
Because basically, it
would relate to Egypt,
which was Rome's bread basket.
And the problem with
the Jewish rebellion
was that Rome was basically
a prison of nations.
I mean, if you look at the Roman
Empire, what it really was,
it basically was a
prison of nations
and ethnicities and religions.
And so when the Jews established
a nation-state inside the Roman
Empire, they were
minting their own coins.
They actually were
representing to the world
that we are here to stay.
This was the basis
of Rome's response
to it, why it was so fierce.
And people really
don't understand--
it's not well-known,
and it should
be-- how ferocious the
war was between Rome
and the Messianic movement.
Because there were three
different rebellions.
It wasn't just
this one in 66, 73.
There was one in 115
called the Kitos Rebellion.
And then, of course, the
famous Bar Kokhba Rebellion,
which led to the Diaspora
that you referred to earlier,
in 135.
The Kitos Rebellion,
just to give you
an example of the ferocity,
as to the military reason
as to why they wanted
to control this region--
the Messianic movement
gained control
over the island of Cyprus.
And they genocided
all 240,000 Gentiles.
That's recorded by
Roman historians.
They then gained
complete control
over Cyrenaica, which is now
Libya, a very important colony
of Rome.
They drove Rome
out of Alexandria,
which was the
headwaters of the Nile,
where all of their
grain production
was basically coming through.
80% of the grain,
according to some reports,
were coming right
through the Nile.
And there's actually letters
found of the Roman magistrates
fleeing down the Nile away
from the Messianic movement.
So even though the
Roman history doesn't
record how existential this
threat was, it is a fact.
>> Right.
>> And then you have-- when the
Bar Kokhba Rebellion occurred,
now in order to basically
control these rebellions,
this is where the
Diaspora came from.
It was the idea that by
taking away the land,
they were hoping the religion
would then quiet down.
So now when you look at the
Crusades, this is the context.
Remember that the
Vatican doesn't forget.
It has a long memory.
It wants to control
the region, I think,
because it knew that
ultimately, it could become
a source of rebellion again.
>> Mm-hm.
So essentially, we're
looking at Christianity
as something that was a
co-opting of, as you say,
the Messianic Zealot zealotry
of the Jewish faith that
was opposing this Roman
imperial politics.
>> Exactly.
>> But towards that end, there
were also many real spiritual
and mythical traditions that
were obviously put together
in a hodgepodge fashion
into this new religion.
>> Yeah.
>> But you also talk about
the second coming of Christ.
And you, in your book, say
that that has already occurred.
So how does that work?
How does that fit in?
>> You know, again, it's just
a very important concept.
Jesus has a character
that is greater than him.
And he actually talks
about the great power
that this individual have.
He gives the point in time
when the individual comes.
It's going to be during the
Roman war with the Jews.
And he predicts his coming.
Now, unfortunately, Christians
have seen this as the claim
that there will be a
second coming of Christ,
that he'll come
back to the planet.
But actually, this
is Roman humor.
This is not a serious
religious position.
It is completely
transparent, when
Jesus says this generation
will not pass away, that he's
referring to the Roman war.
A generation was 40 years.
Now just-- this is something
that any one of the people who
listen to this can do.
This is so simple to do.
Jesus dies in 33 CE,
if you figure out
using the details
that the Gospel gives.
He dies on Passover 33.
Jesus is the Passover
lamb of the new covenant.
The term New Testament
actually means new covenant.
It's replacing the old covenant.
The old covenant had
a Passover sacrifice.
Jesus now becomes the
new Passover sacrifice.
The old covenant
had a 40-year period
of wandering before you had
the Israelites able to gain
possession, a change
of ownership of Israel.
Jesus then dies at Passover 33.
The Roman war concludes
on Passover 73.
It's a perfect 40-year cycle for
the new Passover lamb leading
to the new date of
the new covenant
and the new change in ownership.
This is the date that Rome
then owned all of this land,
and now the new Judaism
owns the new Israel,
which is, of course, all
control of Roman literature.
Well, look, this is fake.
I mean, this is done
back-calculated.
This is someone
who's, back in time,
looking backwards, and
working it all out.
And now this is an
interesting thing,
because what this means
is all of our date,
our entire calendar
structure, actually
stems from the destruction
of the temple, 70.
Because they take the
war and they make it
into what's called the
Daniel week, basically.
It would be a seven-year period.
So the war begins at this
date in 66, and it ends in 73.
So it's roughly these
seven-year periods.
Well, the midpoint is the
destruction of Jerusalem.
And so our history, to
this day, doesn't actually
stem from Jesus.
That's a fiction that these guys
came up with after the fact.
It stems from the destruction
of the city of Jerusalem.
>> Wow.
So if we were to look at, again,
this notion of the creation
of a mythology as a
religion, it would
appear that overall, the
Catholic Church is not
the powerful instrument that it
once was over people's lives.
It maybe doesn't
have the same effect.
A lot of people are coming
into a new understanding.
Could you see, for
example, the potential
of a new religion
forming, whether it
be from the new age or
some sort of merging
of the various faiths?
Or could you imagine a
new conception of faith?
>> This is the moment in time.
I mean, we have been crushed
by the oligarchs, who
have studied us and use
weaponized anthropology.
They keep these
structures of religion
and financial
oppression in place.
We get nothing, basically.
War after war, right?
Just crushed.
Well, now is the time.
Because finally there
is, with the internet,
there is the capacity for
the common man and woman
to exchange information.
And with the internet, there is
the capacity for fact-checking.
And also, we can help one
another defend ourselves
against the sophistry and
the weaponized anthropology.
And so when I say
that the people who
are putting out the new
media, the alt media, man,
they are doing God's work.
They are really,
really finally doing
something that has a
real religious basis.
After 2000 years
of being crushed
under oligarchic sophistry,
we have a chance, now,
to use the internet to
communicate to one another
and to gain some
real understanding
of our political reality, of our
spiritual reality, of what life
can be, you see?
So this is why, I mean, I just
tell people, don't be shy.
Don't be afraid.
Nothing to lose.
This is the time.
It's not going to last forever.
We have to use this opportunity
to get information out
about what has happened to
us, about how they control us.
There are researchers
now-- look at,
for example, like MK Ultra,
that is now being exposed,
the vast operation that it
had of weaponized anthropology
against our people.
Well, this is now
something that's
being exchanged on a mass scale.
So this is the time.
And the people who are
really good at organizing
the mass media, selecting
guests, getting these ideas
out-- so I'm not exaggerating.
I mean, it might not be you,
but it'll be someone like you,
or perhaps a whole group of
people, that will actually
be the leadership of what
can be, really, finally,
an honest religious
context to our life,
and an honest financial
context to our life.
>> Yeah, and I would call
it the assertion of our own
self-sovereignty, right?
>> That's a great expression.
>> And recognizing
our own power.
>> Yeah, that-- that's
actually the way to say it.
It potential.
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
>> Thank you so much for
talking with me today.
>> Hey, thank you, Sean.
>> It's a pleasure.
Well, there you have it, folks,
some fascinating insights
from Joseph Atwill.
You may not agree with or
believe everything said here,
but I do urge you to
check out his book,
"Caesar's Messiah,"
which is packed
with detailed information.
Remember, the road to
truth is a perilous path
along the edge of the buzzsaw.
I'm your host, Sean Stone.
Remember, you are
the revolution.
[THEME MUSIC]